


Azure DevOps Boards / Repos | Azure Lab Service / DevTest Labs / DevBox.




--> When we have some existing team projects in the process template
	when we make changes in the process template
	These changes will not be applicable to existing team projects
	Only - team projects which are created after making changes in the team project will have the modified changes
	
--> When we want to make changes in the existing team projects in a process template
	Command -
	witadmin importwitd /collection:CollectionURL /p:project /f:FileName /v
		when we use /v , it will check workitem type is validated
		filename we should use location + workitem name(it is available inside the .xml file) (new workitem file).
	
	When we re run the same command with same fileds
		if we make some changes in the same file - they will be updated.
	
	When we mistakenly run this command 
		then we have command to destroy that specific workitem.
		
witAdmin:Customize and manage objects for tracking work- TFS | Microsoft Docs


In - Azure devops server
	when a user deletes a workitem - it will be moved to recycle bin - we can restore this.
	if user permanently deletes in recycle bin then we cant restore it

When we want to open a workitem in excel
	we need to install TFS excel extension, then we can open workitem in excel.
	
When we want to create n number of workitems
	we can add them in excel (we should not give the id) and publish it.
	It will connect to the TFS in the backend and make those changes.
	This is supported - for server and services.
	For updating the workitems also excel team is very useful.
	all the workitems are specific to the project   - not project collection.
	
When user want to move workitems from one project to another project 
	it is possible to move one by one or bulk
	but the no of fields in the workitem should be same in both the projects.
	
Migrating workitems from one project to another - there is a tool - we will not support this.
	however we will give the best effort support.

=> Queries in devops service.
	Results      |      Editor        |       Charts
	Users get confuse - using Editor - field , operator , value
	These queries are specific to the project   - not project collection.
	When we delete a queries then there is no option to restore.


We can move organization from one location to another location
	but we cannot move project from one org to another org
	-- some other third part tools are available which support these issues.



Understand what you can share and cannot share with the customer
	we cannot share ring , location with customer.

when a customer is uploading the image / file via teams or email
	tell the customer - that the file / image is blocked
	Please share in the DTM.
	Don't share the screenshots / files in teams or email.
	Do not store the screenshots in download folder - its a matter of privacy.
	
	
	When a user cannot perform operation in boards :
	Proj settings -> Boards -> Permissions for AccountTraining
	
Board - 

Kanban Boards -
4 States -  New   ,  Active  ,  Complete  ,  Close









Questions :
-> When we have used witadmin importwitd and added a new workitem to a specific Project via commandline
	after that imported in Azure devops service
	now the new workitem will reflect in that project ?

