
third-party software :
Can do : 
• DO make the suggestions you think 
will help the customer fix its issue — even 
if that means recommending the 
customer temporarily remove or disable a 
piece of third-party software. 
• DO recommend that the customer 
contact the third-party software vendor if 
you think the software might be 
contributing to the issue in some way. 

And here's what you should avoid: 
• DO NOT make any value 
judgements, or offer any personal 
opinions, about the third-party software 
(e.g., this software is bad, good, doesn't 
work well, etc.) 
• DO NOT recommend the customer 
replace any piece of third-party software 
with Microsoft software — that is the 
customer's choice. 


What Went Wrong and How to Fix it 
The advocate instructed the customer to stop using a piece of third-party antivirus software. 
a) It is okay to suggest that a customer temporarily uninstall or disable a piece of third-party software to 
troubleshoot a current problem. 
b) But an advocate should not tell customers to permanently stop using a piece of third-party software. 
The advocate told the customer to replace its choice of antivirus software with Microsoft Windows Defender. 
a) It is okay to recommend to a customer that they speak with the publisher of a piece of third-party software to 
troubleshoot an issue. 
b) But customers have the freedom to choose their own software solutions, an advocate should not try to instruct 
customers to pick Microsoft's solutions. 
The advocate told the customer that third-party antivirus software would show false reports of viruses. 
a) Advocates should not share opinions or make comments on how well or poorly a piece of third-party software 
works or instruct customers to permanently stop using a piece of third-party software. 




How to Identify an Unfair Competition Complaint 
Any time a customer complains that Microsoft is competing unfairly in 
some way, that is an unfair competition complaint. 
Customers may also mention one of the following key words. If you 
hear one, you should consider that an unfair competition complaint: 
• Antitrust 
• Monopoly or Monopolist 
• Unfair Competition or Competing Unfairly 
• Anticompetitive 
• Price Fixing or Fixing Prices 
Other relevant key words can be found in KB 3153213, Assisting 
customers wanting to report concerns of integrity, antitrust and fair 
competition. 
If you identify an unfair competition complaint, you should refer the 
customer to Microsoft's Office of Legal Compliance immediately. 

Report an Unfair Competition Complaint 
If you identify an unfair competition complaint, let 
the customer know that you can assist with support 
issues, but will need refer the customer to the 
Microsoft's Office of Legal Compliance (OLC). 
Microsoft's OLC handles concerns about whether 
Microsoft is following its Standards of Business 
Conduct which includes complying with competition 
laws. 
Microsoft's OLC DOES NOT handle customer 
concerns about refunds, technical issues, warranties, 
commercial complaints, or other general complaints. 
For scripting guidance and up-do-date Microsoft's 
OLC contact links, please refer to KB 3153213 
Assisting customers wanting to report concerns of 
inteqritv, antitrust and fair competition. 







Recognizing GDPR Scenarios 
Microsoft 
Let's start with the first objective—how to identify GDPR scenarios. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 
restricts how Microsoft processes a customer's personal data. If a customer asks how Microsoft processes their 
personal data, their question should alert you that this might be a GDPR scenario. 
Below are examples of personal data and processing terms that may indicate the customer's request should be 
handled in compliance with GDPR. 
Personal Data Keywords :
• Name/Email Address 
• Location 
• Banking Information 
• Medical Information 
• Cookies/lP Address 
• Social Media Posts 
• Microsoft Account 
• Passport Unique ID 
• Cultural Identity 

Processing Terms Keywords 
• Collecting 
• Using 
• Storing 
• Recording 
• Sharing 
• Altering 
• Retrieving 

GDPR KEYWORDS :
Data Subject Rights 
Regulatory 
Privacy 
European Union (EU) 
Personal Data 
GDPR 
Pll 
Legal Action 
Information Rights 
Data Protection 

Privacy , personal data , storing

when customer share username and password
Explain that Microsoft does not want or 
need this type of information, finish 
supporting this customer, and then report 
the incident to aka.ms/dataprotection or 
email IPGlRTeam@microsoft.com. 

